[DOCU-2899] Plugin compatibility table + protocols (#5108)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/hub/plugins/compatibility.md

### Deployment

[Deployment plugins](/hub/#deployment) are not bundled with any version of {{site.base_gateway}} or {{site.konnect_short_name}}, and are
simply tools to help you deploy {{ site.base_gateway }} in various environments.

## Protocols

{{site.base_gateway}} and {{site.konnect_short_name}} plugins are compatible with the following protocols:

{% assign hub = site.data.ssg_hub %}
{% assign kong_extns = hub | where: "publisher", "Kong Inc." %}

> <table class="table-sticky">

Reviewer: This works great!

  <thead>
      <th>Plugin</th>
      <th><code>http</code></th>
      <th><code>https</code></th>
      <th><code>grpc</code></th>
      <th><code>grpcs</code></th>
      <th><code>tcp</code></th>
      <th><code>tls</code></th>
      <th><code>tls_ passthrough</code></th>
      <th><code>udp</code></th>
      <th><code>ws</code></th>
      <th><code>wss</code></th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
  {% for extn in kong_extns %}
    <tr>
      <td>
      <a href="{{extn.url}}">{{ extn.name }}</a>
      </td>
      {% if extn.params.protocols == null %}

>         <td>--</td>

Reviewer: I think this is what is displaying for Vault Auth in the table? If it is, just a nitpick that the spacing looks a bit off with the emoji cross and checkmark, not sure if that's something could be fixed. Also, I think someone in #docs mentioned that they were confused about what "--" meant. So maybe something like N/A would work instead?

Author: Hmm. Good call. Will do N/A.

### Deployment

> [Deployment plugins](/hub) are not bundled with any version of Konnect, and are

Author: ```suggestion
[Deployment plugins](/hub) are not bundled with any version of {{site.base_gateway}} or {{site.konnect_short_name}}, and are
```

> simply tools to help you deploy Kong Gateway in various environments.

Author: ```suggestion
simply tools to help you deploy {{ site.base_gateway }} in various environments.
```
